SimpleFilter component (#163)
propeldata/ui-kit: app/storybook/documentation/ui-kit/components/SimpleFilter.mdx

# SimpleFilter Overview

The SimpleFilter component is a dropdown designed to build metric filters and supply them to the components in
your dashboard. You can either use it in `static` mode by providing a set of `options` and a `columnName` that the
component can use to build the filter, or use it in `connected` mode by providing a `query` object which uses
[Propel's Top Values API](https://www.propeldata.com/docs/query-your-data/top-values) to populate the dropdown.

## Basic usage

This components require wrapping your app in a `FilterProvider` which will provide the built filter to the child
components. All the components wrapped within the same `FilterProvider` will share the same filters.

You can import the component in your React file and use it as shown in the following example:

<SourceCode of={SimpleFilterStories.ConnectedStory} shown />

## Props API

The following table describes the props available for the SimpleFilter component:

<ArgTypes of={SimpleFilterStories.StaticStory} sort="alpha" />

See the documentation below for a complete reference to all of the props and classes available to the components
mentioned here.

> - <LinkTo kind="API/LoaderProps" story="loaderprops">

Reviewer: TimeRangeInput reference props API seems irrelevant

We should provide reletated API props list such as ErrorFallbackProps, LoaderProps, SimpleFilterQueryProps

    LoaderProps
  </LinkTo>

> - <LinkTo kind="API/TimeRangeInput" story="overview">

Reviewer: TimeRangeInput reference props API seems irrelevant

We should provide reletated API props list such as ErrorFallbackProps, SimpleFilterQueryProps

Author: Why do you think it's unrelated?

`timeRange` is required in the query prop

Reviewer: There should be `SimpleFilterQueryProps` on the API list. 

is that right?

Author: Yes, I just added the `SimpleFilterQueryProps` API

import { ArgTypes, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'

import { SourceCode } from '../../../.storybook/blocks/SourceCode'
import * as SimpleFilterStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/components/SimpleFilter/SimpleFilter.stories'
import * as AutocompleteStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/components/Autocomplete/Autocomplete.stories'

<Meta title="Components/SimpleFilter" of={SimpleFilterStories} />

# SimpleFilter Overview

> The SimpleFilter component is a dropdown designed to build Propel metric filters and supply them to the components in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SimpleFilter component is a dropdown designed to build metric filters and supply them to the components in
```

your dashboard. You can either use it in `static` mode by providing a set of `options` and a `columnName` that the

> component can use to build the filter, or use it in `connected` mode by providing a `query` object which uses the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
component can use to build the filter, or use it in `connected` mode by providing a `query` object which uses
```

[Propel's Top Values API](https://www.propeldata.com/docs/query-your-data/top-values) to populate the dropdown.

## Basic usage

> This components require wrapping you application in a `FilterProvider` which will provide the built filter to the child

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This components require wrapping your app in a `FilterProvider` which will provide the built filter to the child
```
